.TH "HORIZON-CONFIGS" "5" "22.08.2021" "Horizon 0.6" "Horizon Configuration File Guide"
.SH  NAME
Horizon \- configuration file guide
.PP
.SH  FILES AND DIRS
Horizon uses the configuration files located in the \fB$HOME/.config/horizon/\fR and \fB/etc/horizon/\fR directories. List of configuration files:
.PP
\fBconfig.json (file)\fR
    Contains the basic settings. For example: the port on which the server will run.
.PP
\fBindex.tmpl (file)\fR
    Contains the template of the html page that will be displayed in the browser.
.PP
\fBresources (dir)\fR
    Contains custom resources that will be available but will not appear in the file list. For example it can be used for CSS styles or favicon.ico.
.PP
.SH  config.json
Here is an example of a configuration file with all default values.
.PP
.nf
{
  "HttpServer": {
    "Listen":    ":8080",
    "EnableTLS": false,
    "CertFile":  "",
    "KeyFile":   ""
  },
  "ShowHiddenFiles": false,
  "HumanFileSize": true,
  "ModTimeFormat": "2006 Jan 2 15:04"
}
.fi
.PP
\fB*\fR The date and time format is set as in the Go programming language. Read more: \fBhttps://golang.org/src/time/format.go\fR
.PP
.SH  index.tmpl
If you want to write your own HTML page template, use the GO documentation: \fBhttps://pkg.go.dev/html/template\fR . The example below shows the default template.
.PP
.nf
<!doctype html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <title>{{.Path}} - Horizon</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>{{.Path}}</h2>
    <p><a href={{.UpPath}}>Go top</a></p>
    <table align='left' border=1 cellpadding=5>
      <th align='left'>Name</th>
      <th align='left'>Size (bit)</th>
      <th align='left'>Mode</th>
      <th align='left'>Modification time</th>
      <th align='left'>Owner</th>
      <th align='left'>Group</th>
      {{range .Files}}
      <tr>
        <td><a href={{.Path}}>{{.Name}}</a></td>
        <td>{{.Size}}</td>
        <td>{{.Mode}}</td>
        <td>{{.ModTime}}</td>
        <td>{{.Owner}} ({{.Uid}})</td>
        <td>{{.Group}} ({{.Gid}})</td>
      </tr>
      {{end}}
    </table>
  </body>
</html>
.fi
.PP
.SH  SEE ALSO
\fBhorizon\fR(1)
.PP
