.TH "HORIZON" "1" "03.09.2021" "Horizon 0.8" "Horizon Manual"
.SH  NAME
Horizon \- minimalist WEB-server for data transfer via HTTP
.PP
.SH  DESCRIPTION
Horizon is a simple program that performs the single function of transferring data using the HTTP protocol. Despite its simplicity, it supports TLS encryption and a custom HTTP page template.
.PP
The program comes as a single binary file and can easily be ported to a UNIX-like system that has a GO compiler.
.PP
.SH  SYNOPSIS
horizon [OPTIONS]...
.PP
.SH  OPTIONS
-config-dir path
    Specifies the custom directory with configuration files
.PP
-dir path
    Specifies the custom root directory of the WEB server. Default: "."
.PP
-listen string
    Port and IP address that the server will listen to. Example '-listen=":80"' - use port 80 and allow all IP.
.PP
-no-colors
    Disable colorized console output
.PP
-info
    Display build info and exit
.PP
-version
    Display version and exit
.PP
-help
    Display help and exit
.PP
.SH  ENVIRONMENT
LANG
    Specifies the program language. Example en_US - English, ru_RU - Russian.
.PP
.SH  FILES
The location of the configuration files is described in detail in the \fBFILES\fR section of the \fBhorizon-configs\fR(5) manual.
.PP
.SH  LOGGING
Below is an example of how to save the logs to a file. The info.log file stores information, and the error.log file stores errors.
.nf
\fBhorizon >>/var/log/horizon/info.log 2>>/var/log/horizon/error.log\fR
.fi
To rotate logs you can use logrotate.
.PP
.SH  SYMBOLIC LINKS
Horizon supports symbolic links.
.PP
.SH  SYSTEMD SERVICE
You can run Horizon in the background using systemd.
.PP
\fB1)\fR Place in /etc/horizon/share a symbolic link to the directories and files you want to share.
.PP
\fB2)\fR Edit configuration files in /etc/horizon/.
.PP
\fB3)\fR Now enable and start service:
.nf
systemctl enable horizon
systemctl start horizon
.fi
.PP
.SH  INIT SCRIPT
The init script is located at the path: \fB/etc/init.d/horizon\fR.
.PP
.SH  BUGS
It was too time consuming to post information about every bug found here, but if you want to know about existing bugs or report a bug you can use this URL: \fBhttps://github.com/lcomrade/horizon/issues\fR
.PP
.SH  SEE ALSO
\fBhorizon-configs\fR(5)
.PP
